---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "linear_team Resource - terraform-provider-linear"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Linear team.
---

# linear_team (Resource)

Linear team.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "linear_team" "example" {
  key  = "SOME"
  name = "something"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `key` (String) Key of the team.
- `name` (String) Name of the team.

### Optional

- `auto_archive_period` (Number) Period after which closed and completed issues are automatically archived, in months. **Default** `6`.
- `auto_close_child_issues` (Boolean) Whether to automatically close child issues when their parent issue is closed. **Default** `false`.
- `auto_close_parent_issues` (Boolean) Whether to automatically close parent issues when all their child issues are closed. **Default** `false`.
- `auto_close_period` (Number) Period after which non-completed or non-canceled issues are automatically closed, in months. **Default** `6`. *Use `0` for turning this off.*
- `backlog_workflow_state` (Attributes) Settings for the `backlog` workflow state that is created by default for the team. *Position is always `0`. This can not be deleted.* (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--backlog_workflow_state))
- `canceled_workflow_state` (Attributes) Settings for the `canceled` workflow state that is created by default for the team. *Position is always `0`. This can not be deleted.* (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--canceled_workflow_state))
- `color` (String) Color of the team.
- `completed_workflow_state` (Attributes) Settings for the `completed` workflow state that is created by default for the team. *Position is always `0`. This can not be deleted.* (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--completed_workflow_state))
- `cycles` (Attributes) Cycle settings of the team. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cycles))
- `description` (String) Description of the team.
- `enable_issue_default_to_bottom` (Boolean) Enable moving issues to bottom of the column when changing state. **Default** `false`.
- `enable_issue_history_grouping` (Boolean) Enable issue history grouping for the team. **Default** `true`.
- `enable_thread_summaries` (Boolean) Enable resolved thread AI summaries for the team. **Default** `true`.
- `estimation` (Attributes) Issue estimation settings of the team. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--estimation))
- `icon` (String) Icon of the team.
- `parent_id` (String) Identifier of the parent team.
- `private` (Boolean) Privacy of the team. **Default** `false`.
- `started_workflow_state` (Attributes) Settings for the `started` workflow state that is created by default for the team. *Position is always `0`. This can not be deleted.* (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--started_workflow_state))
- `timezone` (String) Timezone of the team. **Default** `Etc/GMT`.
- `triage` (Attributes) Triage settings of the team. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--triage))
- `unstarted_workflow_state` (Attributes) Settings for the `unstarted` workflow state that is created by default for the team. *Position is always `0`. This can not be deleted.* (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--unstarted_workflow_state))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Identifier of the team.

<a id="nestedatt--backlog_workflow_state"></a>
### Nested Schema for `backlog_workflow_state`

Optional:

- `color` (String) Color of the workflow state. **Default** `#bec2c8`.
- `description` (String) Description of the workflow state.
- `name` (String) Name of the workflow state. **Default** `Backlog`.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Identifier of the workflow state.
- `position` (Number) Position of the workflow state.


<a id="nestedatt--canceled_workflow_state"></a>
### Nested Schema for `canceled_workflow_state`

Optional:

- `color` (String) Color of the workflow state. **Default** `#95a2b3`.
- `description` (String) Description of the workflow state.
- `name` (String) Name of the workflow state. **Default** `Canceled`.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Identifier of the workflow state.
- `position` (Number) Position of the workflow state.


<a id="nestedatt--completed_workflow_state"></a>
### Nested Schema for `completed_workflow_state`

Optional:

- `color` (String) Color of the workflow state. **Default** `#5e6ad2`.
- `description` (String) Description of the workflow state.
- `name` (String) Name of the workflow state. **Default** `Done`.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Identifier of the workflow state.
- `position` (Number) Position of the workflow state.


<a id="nestedatt--cycles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cycles`

Optional:

- `auto_add_completed` (Boolean) Auto add completed issues that don't belong to any cycle to the active cycle. **Default** `true`.
- `auto_add_started` (Boolean) Auto add started issues that don't belong to any cycle to the active cycle. **Default** `true`.
- `cooldown` (Number) Cooldown time between cycles in weeks. **Default** `0`.
- `duration` (Number) Duration of the cycle in weeks. **Default** `1`.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable cycles for the team. **Default** `false`.
- `need_for_active` (Boolean) Whether all active issues need to have a cycle. **Default** `false`.
- `start_day` (Number) Start day of the cycle. Sunday is 0, Saturday is 6. **Default** `0`.
- `upcoming` (Number) Number of upcoming cycles to automatically create. **Default** `2`.


<a id="nestedatt--estimation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `estimation`

Optional:

- `allow_zero` (Boolean) Whether zero is allowed as an estimation. **Default** `false`.
- `default` (Number) Default estimation for issues that are unestimated. **Default** `1`.
- `extended` (Boolean) Whether the team uses extended estimation. **Default** `false`.
- `type` (String) Issue estimation type for the team. **Default** `notUsed`.


<a id="nestedatt--started_workflow_state"></a>
### Nested Schema for `started_workflow_state`

Optional:

- `color` (String) Color of the workflow state. **Default** `#f2c94c`.
- `description` (String) Description of the workflow state.
- `name` (String) Name of the workflow state. **Default** `In Progress`.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Identifier of the workflow state.
- `position` (Number) Position of the workflow state.


<a id="nestedatt--triage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `triage`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable triage mode for the team. **Default** `false`.
- `require_priority` (Boolean) Whether an issue needs to have a priority set before leaving triage. **Default** `false`.


<a id="nestedatt--unstarted_workflow_state"></a>
### Nested Schema for `unstarted_workflow_state`

Optional:

- `color` (String) Color of the workflow state. **Default** `#e2e2e2`.
- `description` (String) Description of the workflow state.
- `name` (String) Name of the workflow state. **Default** `Todo`.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Identifier of the workflow state.
- `position` (Number) Position of the workflow state.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import linear_team.example SOME
```
